Chore: Updated docs to guide users with new version (+ removed 'new' from ribbon headers) (#81)
Capgemini/xrm-datamigration-xrmtoolbox: README.md

<img src="https://capgeminiuk.visualstudio.com/Capgemini%20Reusable%20IP/_apis/build/status/NUGET%20CI%20Builds/XrmToolBox%20Plugin" alt="CI Build status"> ![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Capgemini.DataMigration.XrmToolBoxPlugin)

### Introduction

> TESTThe CDS Data Migrator tool provides an easy to use interface that enables you to generate an XML schema file that can be used to export data from one CRM environment and import into another. The tool not only supports the ability to add entity attributes and many-to-many relationships to the schema, but beyond that, it supports the creation of filters and GUID mappings which are stored as .JSON file formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CDS Data Migrator tool provides an easy to use interface that enables you to generate an XML schema file that can be used to export data from one CRM environment and import into another. The tool not only supports the ability to add entity attributes and many-to-many relationships to the schema, but beyond that, it supports the creation of filters and GUID mappings which are stored as JSON file formats.
```

![Connectionstring prompt](images/ConnectionStringPrompt.png "Connectionstring prompt")

Connect to an environment and you will be taken to the Schema Configs page as shown below:
![Schema Configs page](images/InitialSchemaConfig.png "Schema Configs page")

### Data Import and Export Schema Generation

> The data migrator adheres to a predefined import export schema and the tool can be used to generate the respective schema for import and export. Note that for each of these, both the JSON and CSV formats are supported. To Generate or modify a schema, please follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data migrator adheres to a predefined import export schema and the tool can be used to generate the respective schema for import and export. Note that for each of these, both the JSON and CSV formats are supported. 

**To generate or modify a schema, please follow the steps below:**
```

1. Select **Schema Config** from the top ribbon if you are not on this page already.

> 2. If you have an exisiting schema, you can click on 'Load Schema' to edit that file. This will pre-select the entities, attributes and relationships that you had stored in that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you have an existing schema, you can click on **Load Schema** to edit that file. This will pre-select the entities, attributes and relationships stored in that file.
```

> 3. Select (you may also want to unselect if you are editing your loaded schema) the required entities and attributes combination, (in this example we are creating an xml file for Accounts although you can select more than one entity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select/unselect the entities, attributes, and relationships to export/import. In this example, we are creating a schema file for Accounts although you can select multiple entities.
```

![Select Schema Configs](images/SelectSchemaConfigs.png "Select Schema Configs")

> 4. To save the file, click on 'Save Schema'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To save the file, click on **Save Schema**.
```

![Save Schema File](images/SaveSchemaConfigs.png "Save Schema File")

Your schema file will be saved at the specified location. This file will contain all selected entities and their respective selected attributes and relationships.

Below shows an example schema file:

![Schema Config Example](images/SchemaConfigExample.png "Schema Config Example")

### Export Config File

> The CDS data migrator export user interface exposes only a subset of the available configuration points for the data migration operation. Through the provision of an export configuration file, the user can have a fine grain control of the export process. When the export config is not specified then the default settings are applied. While those values are beyond the scope of this documentation, it suffices to say that the default values are expected to satisfy most data operation scenarios.
> 
> For more on the data migration config settings [see](https://github.com/Capgemini/xrm-datamigration#Usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The export config file gives you additional control and features over Microsoft's Configuration Migration Tool. You can understand these options further [here](https://github.com/Capgemini/xrm-datamigration/wiki/Config).
```

> 1. Select **Data Export** from the top ribbon which will bring you to the below page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To create or update an export config:**

1. Select **Data Export** from the top ribbon which will bring you to the below page:
```

 ![Initial Export Page](images/InitialExportPage.png "Initial Export Page")

> 2. If you have an exisiting export config file, you can click on 'Load' to edit that file. This will pre-input the configs that you had stored in that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you have an existing export config file, you can click on **Load** to edit that file. This will pre-input the configs that you had stored in that file.
```

![Load Export Config file](images/LoadExportConfig.png "Load Export Config file")

> 3. Add in (or edit if you have loaded an export config file) Fetch and Write Settings and ensure you add a schema file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Adjust the fetch and write settings accordingly and ensure you add a schema file.
```

 ![Edited Export Config file](images/EditedExportConfigs.png "Edited Export Config file")

> 4. To save the new or updated export config file, click on 'Save'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To save the new or updated export config file, click on **Save**.
```

 ![Save Export Configs](images/SaveExportConfigs.png "Save Export Configs")

Your export configs file will be saved at the specified location.

Below shows an example export config file:

 ![Export Config Example](images/ExportConfigExample.png "Export Config Example")

> 
> **NB:** Ensure the JsonFolderPath exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Import Config File

> The CDS data migrator import user interface exposes only a subset of the available configuration points for the data migration operation. Through the provision of an import configuration file, the user can have a fine grain control of the import process. When the import config is not specified then the default settings are applied. 
> For more on the data migration config settings [see](https://github.com/Capgemini/xrm-datamigration#Usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The import config file gives you additional control and features over Microsoft's Configuration Migration Tool. You can understand these options further [here](https://github.com/Capgemini/xrm-datamigration/wiki/Config).
```

> 1. Select **Data Import** from the top ribbon which will bring you to the below page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To create or update an import config:**

1. Select **Data Import** from the top ribbon which will bring you to the below page:
```

 ![Initial Export Page](images/InitialImportPage.png "Initial Export Page")

> 2. If you have an exisiting import config file, you can click on 'Load' to edit that file. This will pre-input the configs that you had stored in that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you have an existing import config file, you can click on **Load** to edit that file. This will pre-input the configs that you had stored in that file.
```

![Load Import Config file](images/LoadImportConfig.png "Load Config file")

> 3. Add in (or edit if you have loaded an import config file) Fetch and Write Settings (including a schema file if importing to CSV) and save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Adjust the fetch and write settings accordingly, including a schema file if importing to CSV.
```

 ![Edited Import Config file](images/EditedImportConfigs.png "Edited Import Config file")

> 4. To save the new or updated import config file, click on 'Save'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To save the new or updated import config file, click on **Save**.
```

 ![Save Import Configs](images/SaveImportConfigs.png "Save Import Configs")

Your import configs file will be saved at the specified location.

Below shows an example import config file:

 ![Import Config Example](images/ImportConfigExample.png "Import Config Example")

> 
> **NB:** Ensure the JsonFolderPath exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Data Export

> Once all the schema and config files are downloaded the next step is to export the data from D365.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the schema and config files are saved the next step is to export the data from D365.
```

1.	Select **Data Export** from the ribbon and select format type of JSON or CSV.

2.	Select the location to save the data.

> 3.	Load an existing config file by clicking the 'Load' button (Optional Step)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.	If you have a saved export config from [Export Config File](#export-config-file), click **Load**  to open this. Alternatively, adjust these settings now or leave the defaults.
```

> 4.	Select the Target Connection String then select the location of the schema file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.	Select the **Environment" if different then verify the location of the schema file.
```
